Hi, thanks for joining us.
I'm Ronan, Speech Notes Head developer.
In this short video, I will demo you how to use Speech Notes files to transcribe any audio or video file local on your device or online.
Let's start.
OK, so once you're logged into Speech Notes files, you'll start by adding credit, meaning you purchase minutes.
The flat rate is only $0.10 a minute and on your first purchase you get 10% more.
Any spare minutes that you don't use remain on your account so you can use them the next time.
So it's so it's really you.
You buy packages, so let's start by buying 120 minutes, meaning two hours, and we get 12 minutes for free.
OK, so we have our credits in place.
We can upload our our first file so we will select the local file, but we could also just paste the link to an online file or a Google Drive file or even a YouTube.
But we'll upload a test file from our computer and we have short demo recording language.
There are multiple languages available.
We'll select US, English and only one speaker, Next, next and upload.
And really that's all you have to do from now on.
Once the file is uploaded, it's on our servers.
You can even leave the website, close your device.
We will notify you when the file is ready.
If you do stay on page, you will see here the progress of the job of the file.
And our file was very short, so it was already done in a few seconds.
We can open it and view the transcription results you see it is timestamped.
You can also export it to different formats, with speaker tags or without, with timestamps or without.
Print it if you like.
And you can also play it In Sync with the recording.
Let's do that so you see how it looks.
Hi, how are you?
This is a sample recording to show how easy and fast it is to transcribe audio files with speech notes.
Right.
So.
So you saw it's pretty accurate, even though I have a quite a thick accent.
So yeah, that's that's really it.
If you need any help or have feedback or recommendations, anything, just let me know.
My personal mission is to make speech notes as it's written here.
Secure, private, affordable, and the most accurate speech recognition service available.
You can e-mail us or use the chat option on speech, notes files.